README.md, before:

WebRTC Example
==============

#### shane tully (shanetully.com)

An 'as simple as it gets' WebRTC example.

See [https://shanetully.com/2014/09/a-dead-simple-webrtc-example/](https://shanetully.com/2014/09/a-dead-simple-webrtc-example/) for a detailed walkthrough of the code.

Note: This repo is kept updated. The general ideas are there, but the above blog post may be somewhat out of date with the code in this repo.

## Usage

The signaling server uses Node.js and `ws` and can be started as such:

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

With the server running, open a recent version of Firefox, Chrome, or Safari and visit `https://localhost:8443`.

* Note the HTTPS! There is no redirect from HTTP to HTTPS.
* Some browsers or OSs may not allow the webcam to be used by multiple pages at once. You may need to use two different browsers or machines.

## TLS

Recent versions of Chrome require secure websockets for WebRTC. Thus, this example utilizes HTTPS. Included is a self-signed certificate that must be accepted in the browser for the example to work.

## Problems?

WebRTC is a rapidly evolving beast. Being an example that I don't check often, I rely on users for reports if something breaks. Issues and pull requests are greatly appreciated.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Shane Tully

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

use passphrase / update readme.me with hints for iOS

README.md, after:

WebRTC Example
==============

#### shane tully (shanetully.com)

An 'as simple as it gets' WebRTC example.

See [https://shanetully.com/2014/09/a-dead-simple-webrtc-example/](https://shanetully.com/2014/09/a-dead-simple-webrtc-example/) for a detailed walkthrough of the code.

Note: This repo is kept updated. The general ideas are there, but the above blog post may be somewhat out of date with the code in this repo.

## Usage

The signaling server uses Node.js and `ws` and can be started as such:

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

With the server running, open a recent version of Firefox, Chrome, or Safari and visit `https://localhost:8443`.

* Note the HTTPS! There is no redirect from HTTP to HTTPS.
* Some browsers or OSs may not allow the webcam to be used by multiple pages at once. You may need to use two different browsers or machines.

## TLS

Recent versions of Chrome require secure websockets for WebRTC. Thus, this example utilizes HTTPS. Included is a self-signed certificate that must be accepted in the browser for the example to work.

iOS needs to import and trust the certificate to allow a secure WebSocket connection. So create a certificate with a fitting "common name" with this command:

```
openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 365
```

Please be aware that you need to use a passphrase to be able to enter the "common name" (in the source "redredred" is used as passphrase).

After importing the certificate into your iOS device (by just clicking on that file) you have to trust it explicitly under Settings -> General -> About -> Certificate Trust Settings

## Problems?

WebRTC is a rapidly evolving beast. Being an example that I don't check often, I rely on users for reports if something breaks. Issues and pull requests are greatly appreciated.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Shane Tully

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
